README.md, before:

# Sport World

# Overview

Sport World is a online store project that sells sport equipments. Sport World offers the following features:

- **Search/filter Products**: Easily find your favourite sport gears by searching by name or filtering by categories. 
- **Shopping Cart**: Keeps track of all products that customers have added. The cart will display the quantity, price of each product, and the total price of the order.
- **Payment**: Secured online payment with a wide range of card brands supported.
- **Order tracking & Email**: Tracks order status and automatically send notifications via email to customers about order updates.
- **Authorisation**: Provide multiple user types (admin, employee, company, customer) with corressponding access and functionality.
- **Order Management**: Allow admin/employee users to view and process customer orders. All updated details (such as tracking number, courrier number, etc.) will be displayed in customer side.
- **Product Managements**: Allow admin users to view and add/update/delete products which will automatically be updated in the home page.

You can access the website here: [https://sportworld.azurewebsites.net/](https://sportworld.azurewebsites.net/). **(The site will take 2-3 minutes to start up)**

Please use this [credentials](documents/credentials.txt) to log in as **admin** and access all functionalities of the website.

# Tech Stack 

<div style="display: inline-block; font-size: 22px;">
    <img src="documents/aspdotnetcore.webp" alt="asp.net core" width="25" height="25"> ASP.NET Core |
    <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/azure/azure-original.svg" alt="azure" width="25" height="25"> Azure Cloud |
    <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/githubactions/githubactions-original.svg" alt="github actions" width="25" height="25"> GitHub Actions
</div>

# Architecture & Design Patterns

## Model-View-Controller Architecture

## N-Tier Architecture

## IRepository Pattern

## IUnitOfWork Pattern

Commit message:

Update MVC architecture section for ReadMe

README.md, after:

# Sport World

# Overview

Sport World is a online store project that sells sport equipments. Sport World offers the following features:

- **Search/filter Products**: Easily find your favourite sport gears by searching by name or filtering by categories. 
- **Shopping Cart**: Keeps track of all products that customers have added. The cart will display the quantity, price of each product, and the total price of the order.
- **Payment**: Secured online payment with a wide range of card brands supported.
- **Order tracking & Email**: Tracks order status and automatically send notifications via email to customers about order updates.
- **Authorisation**: Provide multiple user types (admin, employee, company, customer) with corressponding access and functionality.
- **Order Management**: Allow admin/employee users to view and process customer orders. All updated details (such as tracking number, courrier number, etc.) will be displayed in customer side.
- **Product Managements**: Allow admin users to view and add/update/delete products which will automatically be updated in the home page.

You can access the website here: [https://sportworld.azurewebsites.net/](https://sportworld.azurewebsites.net/). **(The site will take 2-3 minutes to start up)**

Please use this [credentials](documents/credentials.txt) to log in as **admin** and access all functionalities of the website.

# Tech Stack 

<div style="display: inline-block; font-size: 22px;">
    <img src="documents/aspdotnetcore.webp" alt="asp.net core" width="25" height="25"> ASP.NET Core |
    <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/azure/azure-original.svg" alt="azure" width="25" height="25"> Azure Cloud |
    <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/githubactions/githubactions-original.svg" alt="github actions" width="25" height="25"> GitHub Actions
</div>

# Architecture & Design Patterns

## Model-View-Controller Architecture
Sport World uses the Model-View_Controller architecture to separate the application into specific layer of concerns:

- **Model**: Contains database schema and implementation of accessing data.
- **View**: Contains the application's user interface and layouts.
- **Controller**: Defines all application logic and handle user request to update views.

<br>
<img src="documents/MVC-diagram.png" alt="mvc diagram">

## N-Tier Architecture

## IRepository

## IUnitOfWork Pattern
